NMS:13250: Proofread Basic Horizon Deployment (#3437)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/telemetryd/introduction.adoc

| `batch-interval`          | `batch.interval`           | Messages are aggregated in batches before being dispatched. When the batch has been created for longer than this interval (ms) it will be dispatched, regardless of the current size. | 500
|===

> TIP: When using Kafka as a message broker, setting `use-routing-key` to `false` lets the messages be balanced across all partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: When using Kafka as a message broker, setting `use-routing-key` to `false` balances the messages across all partitions.
```
